# Submission

Create a `docs` folder in your repository, create a file called `f1-geek-v1.md` and paste the following into it:

# F1 Geek Design - Version 1

## Mindmap - 10%

TODO: Add your mind map as described in the assignment spec, this must be a mermaid diagram that renders in github.

## User Stories - 10%

TODO: Add the original user stories as described in the assignment spec and add 5 more.

## Design - 20%

TODO: Add a screenshot of your Figma design for the list of teams.

## Data Model - 20%

TODO: Add the mermaid class diagram for the extended data model here, this must be a mermaid diagram that renders in github.

TODO: You must also actually implement the data model in kotlin in your F1 Geek app and include tests, see the previous page for details on the model.

## User Interface - 40%

TODO: Add screenshots of your driver list, team list, team detail screens and driver detail screens

## Submission details

* Include a link to a youtube video, no longer than 4 minutes where you show your app working either on your phone or emulator.  You should show the driver list, team list, team detail and driver detail screens.  You must also show your tests running and passing.

The lecturer will be downloading your zipped repositories from moodle so please include the following information as these will be cross references with your github classroom repo:

* My UNLISTED youtube video (app and test walkthrough): TODO: Add your youtube link here
* My github repository (this MUST be your github classroom repo): TODO: Add your github repo link here
* Have you uploaded a zip of your repo to moodle? (yes/no): TODO: Answer here

Note: Percentages provided above are a rough guide to the weighting of each section, the lecturer will use their discretion to adjust these as needed. If you omit a section, you will be penalised. If you do not provide a youtube video, you will be penalised. If you do not provide a github repository, you will be penalised. If you do not upload a zip of your repo to moodle it will be considered non-submission.

The lecturer may call you for an interview to discuss your submission.

Usage of AI/ML is not permitted in this assignment, this includes copilots, gemini, chatgpt and similar.

All code must be your own, you may  use code from other sources, this includes stackoverflow, but you must reference this in your code with a comment, you may be asked to explain these. However, generative AI techniques are not permitted.

The value of this submission is 30% of your overall module grade.